Love your parents. We are too busy growing up yet we forget that they are already growing old——多关心一下自己的父母吧，我们总忙着自己成长，却忘了他们也在变老。 

The moment you think about giving up,think of the reason why you held on so long——每当你想放弃的时候，想一想是什么支撑着你一路坚持。 

I don't wanna be your 'number one' that implies there are a number two and maybe a number three. I want to be your only one——我不想做你的“第一”，因为那就意味着还有第二，第三……我只想做你的“唯一”。 

Total umbrella for someone else if he, you're just not for him in the rain.——如果他总为别人撑伞，你又何苦非为他等在雨中。 

Hold my hand,you won't get lost even with eyes closed. ——握住我的手，即使你閉上眼睛也不會迷路。 

We never really grow up. We only learn how to act in public. ——我们从未真正长大，我们只是在别人面前学会了假装。 

Each trauma, is another kind of maturity. ——每一种创伤，都是另一种成熟。

Fortune favours the brave——运气往往眷顾勇敢的人。 

You keep on concentrating on the things you wish you had or things you wish you didn’t have and you sort of forget what you do have.-Nick Vujicic——如果你不停的纠结于你所没有的或者不想要的，你就会忘记你真正拥有的。—尼克•胡哲 

Never put your happiness in someone else’s hands.—— 永远不要把自己的幸福放在别人的手里。 

Sometimes you have to give up on someone in order to respect yourself——有时候我们必须放弃一些人，来成全自己的自尊。 

There is a time in life that is full of uneasiness.We have no other choice but to face it.—— 生命中总有那么一段时光，充满不安，可是除了勇敢面对，我们别无选择。 

Being singl means you're strong and patient enough to wait for someone who deserves your worth. ——单身意味着你足够坚强，有足够耐心去等待那个值得拥有你的人。 

The more you care, the more you have to lose.——越在意，失去的就越多。 

One of the best things in life is seeing a smile on a person’s face and knowing that you put it there——生活中最美好的一件事情是，因为你，某个人脸上洋溢着微笑。 

No matter how bad your life may seem in the moment, it will always get better——哪怕此刻的生活有多糟糕，也总会有好转的一天。 

Sometimes, it is better to turn around and leave than to insist on and pretend to be well. ——有时候，转身离开要好过假装若无其事的坚持。 

Patience with family is love, Patience with others is respect, Patience with self is confidence. ——对家里人充满耐心是爱的表现， 对别人充满耐心是种尊敬， 对自已充满耐心是种自信。--锡吕．玛塔吉 


Sometimes, the most painful not lose, but get later not happy. ——有时候，最痛苦的不是失去，而是得到以后不快乐. 

For those things i don't talk about,it does not mean i don't know.——有些事不说，不代表不知道。 

We both have no idea if we are gonna be together in the end. But one thing's for sure that I'll do everything I can to make it happen——我们都不能确定最终能否在一起，但能确定的是，为了在一起，我会拼尽全力。